#18 - Sub account name dimension (#109)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/dimensions/subaccountname.md

# Sub Account Name

> A sub account is an optional provider-supported construct for organizing resources and services connected to a billing account. Sub accounts are commonly used for scenarios like grouping based on organizational constructs, access management needs and cost allocation strategies. Sub accounts must be associated with a billing account as they do not receive invoices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sub account is an optional provider-supported construct for organizing resources and/or services connected to a billing account. Sub accounts are commonly used for scenarios like grouping based on organizational constructs, access management needs and cost allocation strategies. Sub accounts must be associated with a billing account as they do not receive invoices.

```

A sub account name is a display name assigned to a sub account.

> The SubAccountName column MUST be present in the billing data. This column MUST be of type String and SHOULD NOT contain null values. If a provider doesn't support a sub account construct (only has a billing account), BillingAccountName value SHOULD BE used. If a provider does support a sub account construct, but the charge does not apply to a sub account, the SubAccountName column MAY be null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SubAccountName column MUST be present in the billing data. This column MUST be of type String. If a provider supports setting a display name for sub accounts, that value MUST appear in this column. If a provider does not support a sub account construct (only has a billing account) or does support a sub account construct, but the charge does not apply to a sub account, the SubAccountName column MUST be null.
```
